thanks to iFixit for sponsoring this
video check out their pro tect toolkit
at ifixit.com forward slash Lynas for
free solid generations digital storm has
been making their small form-factor
gaming computers bigger and bigger for
some inexplicable reason but that all
changes today they're showing off the
Modena the event MX and the V locks X
and those ones are pretty cool but this
this is the star of the show this is the
digital storm spark the kind of small
form-factor gaming machine that I might
have designed after I first laid eyes on
many STX hardware back at Computex last
year so inside this tiny box like look
at this this is an event of extra scale
like come on inside this tiny box you'll
find tons of storage expansion that is
three MDOT two slots and a two and a
half inch drive bay you will find up to
a core i7 8700 K you will find up to a
gtx 1080 graphics card up to 32 gigs of
ram and yes my friends that is full
custom hardline water cooling with RGB
lighting so they've done a couple of
cool things to get that kind of hardware
into this form factor number one is they
have actually worked with Swift tech to
design a custom block for the MXM
graphics card that is used by this mini
STX form factor number two is they're
using super compact 92 millimeter
radiator up here in the top as well as a
one of the smallest pump reservoir
combos that I have ever seen up there
and number three is that they've
designed their own custom chassis which
by the time this is released in knock on
wood quarter 2 of 2018
will have tempered glass for the side
panels on both sides it's digital storm
so it's not going to be cheap once it's
available you'll be able to customize
not just the color of your coolant but
even the color of the chassis with any
one of their great paint jobs and while
it's
storm so this thing is not gonna be
cheap if you're a gamer on the go and
you don't like the laptop paradigm this
looks like a pretty compact option this
video from CES was brought to you guys
by iFixit yes my friends at his courtesy
of iFixit and their Pro Tech tool kit
that I am able to cause the usual havoc
that I do here at the show taking apart
everyone's prototypes be they desktops
laptops hell why don't we take apart a
monitor this year I mean the sky's the
limit because it's got everything from
pry tools to sputters to suction cups to
their 64 bit driver kit that means that
you will never get stumped by a random
screw that you just don't have that bit
on you right now as long as you don't
lose them so check them out at the link
in the video description and a huge
thanks to iFixit for allowing us to be
here at CES 2018 thanks for watching
guys if you dislike to do that if you
like hit like if you really like to get
subscribed and we'll see you at the next
booth or sweet